Speculative Execution

there was a guy who worked on a farm named sam. his name was sam and everyone called him the samba man, and all the kids in town would come and watch him dance while he would go around his farm and place his plants. he'd move his arms ups and down as he put in the plants, and he'd grow these outrageous plants that none of the kids had ever seen before. blue lemons, orange cucumber, RED LIMES, the United States Military came down to inspect sam the samba man after the FDA tried to scope out what was going down but fell whismy to his down to earth groove. it was sam, sam the samba man, just dancing around, one and uh a 2 one and uh 2 one and uh 2. none could touch him! he just kept dancing and kept moving his plants around.

after a few years of watching him dance som eof his pals hed grab a drink with came up to himm, they obviously had to jump scoot and boogie down the field, due to the sick grooves that seemed to follow sam throughout the air. sam was a odd one for sure, it was the year 3096 and sam still farmed with his hands! It had been years and the soil that took in sams sick grooves had moved through the earth now the hwole world could have blue lemons, and orange cucumbers, and red limes, everyone could taste sams odly colored suit. so sams buddies who had the bleep blooops raking their yards came up to him, "sam why dont you just spend the whole day dancing, and let the bleep bloops rake your yard for you, they can tend to all the plants", "boom ... badom  .... boom .... badoom boom... badom boom badom." "SAM DO U HEAR ME, YOU DONT NEED TO FARM JUST LET ME GIVE YOU MY BLEEP BLOOP", sam for the first time off the day, stopped moving his hips. sam wasn't dancing, he turned, but instead of turning the most optimal path (around 48 degrees), he instead turned the much longer way (312). " well if i don't gotta worry about the plants, then im just dancing for the sake of dancing", "huh"

everyone in town knew sam, he loved to dance, he never bothered anyone about anything,  someone asked sam to dance and sam said "you don't need to ask to dance if theres music playing around me", but theres always music cause he was the samba man", no one really could understand why sam was always dancing, some say that when he came out as a baby the first words he said "im the samba man!", but i don't really get it

one day sam was sleeping and he was dreaming about his town, and how one day his town had a really big dance compeition,  


"DAMN DAMN DAMN IT" bill throws the stupid book in his hand across the rooms. "i don't care about sam, i don't care about woof wads or boop dads or anything". bill slammed his fingers against the keys of the piano and shriveled in disgust from the tones that rang back at him. "UGH im a fucking idiot"
